gh-115653: Add docs for the PyCode_GetFirstFree and correct return type for the PyCode_GetNumFree (#115654)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/code.rst

   Return true if *co* is a :ref:`code object <code-objects>`.
   This function always succeeds.

> .. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyCode_GetNumFree(PyCodeObject *co)

Reviewer: ~~It's looks logical if you look at the actual code, but why is it really `Py_ssize_t`?
It seems that it was accidentally changed in 02f72b8b938e301bbaaf0142547014e074bd564c. cc @vstinner~~ 
Oh, it was done by purpose, sorry for the noise!

>    Return the number of free variables in *co*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Return the number of free variables in a code object.
```

.. c:function:: int PyCode_GetFirstFree(PyCodeObject *co)

>    Return the position of first free variable in *co*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Return the position of the first free variable in a code object.
```

Author: +

>    Return the number of local + cell variables in *co*.

Reviewer 3: Document what the API does, not its implementation details: `PyCode_GetFirstFree` returns the position (or offset) of the first free variable in *co*.

FTR: @markshannon and @iritkatriel introduced this API in gh-100721. It is available via Python.h.

Author: Done. But my question above still stands. If I'm right I might make a separate pull request for this.

Reviewer 3: See the PR I linked to, especially https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/100721#discussion_r1061391884 and 49ca0446ac0becf20a748a0800c788727993aec0.

Author: Thank you. If there is anything else here that I could fix, I'll be happy to do it.

Reviewer 3: I would still like to hear from either @markshannon or @iritkatriel; I'm not sure this was intended as a public API.

Reviewer 4: It was and it wasn't. We don't really want to expose it, but if we don't then Cython and other C extensions will access the internal fields directly, which is worse.

Now that we have an unstable API, it should probably be part of that.
I'd like all code object C APIs to be unstable, but it's probably too late for that.

Maybe rename it to `PyUnstableCode_GetFirstFree`?

Reviewer 3: > Maybe rename it to PyUnstableCode_GetFirstFree?

Sounds like a good idea, but since it is already included in 3.12, we have to deprecate `PyCode_GetFirstFree` and `PyUnstableCode_GetFirstFree` in 3.13.

Reviewer 3: Follow-up issue: #115756.

   Return true if *co* is a :ref:`code object <code-objects>`.
   This function always succeeds.

.. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyCode_GetNumFree(PyCodeObject *co)

>    Return the number of free variables in a code object.

Reviewer 3: @vstinner, I think this is the suggested style:

```suggestion
   Return the number of free variables in code object *co*.
```

Reviewer 2: Ah, I just merged the change. Is it worth it to change the style, or is it ok to merge PR gh-115752 backport? I let you decide :-)

Reviewer 3: No, it's not worth it to change the style, but I think we should try to keep it in mind for next time ;)

.. c:function:: int PyCode_GetFirstFree(PyCodeObject *co)

>    Return the position of the first free variable in a code object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Return the position of the first free variable in code object *co*.
```
